Clarify Dart VM terminology in hot-reload documentation (#12445)
flutter/website: src/content/tools/hot-reload.md

Flutter's hot reload feature helps you quickly and
easily experiment, build UIs, add features, and fix bugs.
Hot reload works by injecting updated source code files
into the [Dart runtime][].

> After the VM updates classes with the new versions of fields and functions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the Dart runtime updates classes with the new versions of fields and functions,
```
